# Keylogger
keystroke logger is a  product that tracks keystrokes in computer, This is based on Python where I will make use of  pynput module . The keystrokes are stored in an output file. To elevate the project the logs will be directly sent to the e-mail. 
    Key logging program also known as keyloggers is a kind
of malware that has capability to maliciously track input of the user from the
keyboard in aim to retrieve private information. Keyloggers thus cause a major
threat to business and personal activities of kind like transactions, online
banking, email and chat. The keyboard is the prime target as it allows
keyloggers to retrieve user input to the system as it is the most common way
user interacts with a computer. There are two types of keyloggers that exists
in market, a software keylogger and a hardware keylogger among which software
keylogger are widely used and are easy to plant and cause substantial damage.
Keyloggers essentially performs two tasks that is guiding into client input
stream to get keystrokes and moving the information to a distant area (mail).


    The fundamental goal of keyloggers is to meddle in the chain of occasions that
happen when a key is squeezed and when the information is shown on the screen
because of a keystroke. Keylogger can be used for legitimate as well as
illegitimate purposes, it basically depends on user who is using it. System
administrators can use keyloggers for systems, i.e., for detecting suspicious
users. Keyloggers can effectively assist a computer forensics analyst in the
examination of digital media. Keyloggers are especially effective in monitoring
ongoing crimes. Keystroke loggers can be used to capture and compile a record
of all typed keys. Keyloggers can at times be utilized as a spying instrument
to bargain business and state-possessed organization's information. Attackers
can utilize keylogger to gain admittance to the clients' private and delicate
data, they can exploit the separated information to perform online cash
exchange the client's record or different vindictive stuff.



REQUIREMENTS
Hardware Requirements:

    1. Pentium Class or higherProcessor 

    2. Minimum 64 MB RAM 

    3. 20 MB Free Disk Space 
Software Requirements: 

    1. Windows XP/Vista/7/8/10 

    2. Python IDE
    
    
